What's the matter, you are Chen Hao
Who are you, sir?
He is the disciple of Ghost King Nengzuo Envoy
To understand is that you solved a gentleman's problem risk control
Hmm boy
Don't think you can be arrogant with a little ability
Occupy my arched door
Tell him that my master has come to sea
At that time, I will tell you together with Wang Defu's affairs.
You washed your neck
Obediently wait for my master to come and take your head
What are you worried about?
Anyway, it started with me.
If the left envoy really comes
I will do my best to protect you
Then wait until they come, silly girl
Miss Ye brought it again
That poor boy Chen Hao came to this high-end occasion
I don't know what kind of shit luck I got
I have a marriage contract with Miss Ye
God is so unfair
What's there to be envious of?
He's just a clown
How could the Ye family allow Ye?
Miss married an ant like him
That's right, I have a whole family to inherit
Don't envy this ant